README.md, before:

# radium

[![Latest Version](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/radium.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/radium)
[![Documentation](https://docs.rs/radium/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/radium)

`radium` provides a helper trait with a uniform API for interacting with both
atomic types like [`AtomicUsize`], and non-atomic types like [`Cell<usize>`].

[`AtomicUsize`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/core/sync/atomic/struct.AtomicUsize.html
[`Cell<usize>`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/core/cell/struct.Cell.html

This crate is `#![no_std]`-compatible, and uses no non-core types.

For more details, see the trait's documentation.

---

**@kneecaw** - <https://twitter.com/kneecaw/status/1132695060812849154>
> Feelin' lazy: Has someone already written a helper trait abstracting
> operations over `AtomicUsize` and `Cell<usize>` for generic code which may
> not care about atomicity?

**@ManishEarth** - <https://twitter.com/ManishEarth/status/1132706585300496384>
> no but call the crate radium
>
> (since people didn't care that it was radioactive and used it in everything)

Commit message:

Start working on our own version of `cfg(target_has_atomic)`

README.md, after:

# radium

[![Latest Version](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/radium.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/radium)
[![Documentation](https://docs.rs/radium/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/radium)

`radium` provides a helper trait with a uniform API for interacting with both
atomic types like [`AtomicUsize`], and non-atomic types like [`Cell<usize>`].

[`AtomicUsize`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/core/sync/atomic/struct.AtomicUsize.html
[`Cell<usize>`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/core/cell/struct.Cell.html

This crate is `#![no_std]`-compatible, and uses no non-core types.

For more details, see the trait's documentation.

## Target Architecture Compatibility

Not all Rust targets have symbols for atomic types! The compiler knows what
targets have what atomics, but does not expose this information on the stable
channel for libraries to use.

As such, `radium` uses a build script to detect the target architecture and emit
our own directives that mark the presence or absence of an atomic integer.

If `radium` does not work for your architecture, please update the build script
with your target string and the correct listing of atomic instructions and
submit a pull request.

---

**@kneecaw** - <https://twitter.com/kneecaw/status/1132695060812849154>
> Feelin' lazy: Has someone already written a helper trait abstracting
> operations over `AtomicUsize` and `Cell<usize>` for generic code which may
> not care about atomicity?

**@ManishEarth** - <https://twitter.com/ManishEarth/status/1132706585300496384>
> no but call the crate radium
>
> (since people didn't care that it was radioactive and used it in everything)
